# Not Evil Sudoku Terms of Service

Not Evil Sudoku is a mobile application(the "App") owned, operated and maintained by Ashish Selvaraj("We", "Us"). This website and mobile app are made available to you subject to these terms of use, including those set forth in the Privacy Policy. By accessing or downloading the app you agree to follow and be bound by these terms which may be updated without advance notice. You can review the most current version of these terms on this page. We may make improvements and/or changes to the products, services, features, programs or prices described in the App at any time without prior notice. BY CONTINUING TO USE THE APP, YOU ARE INDICATING YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS AND ALL REVISIONS THEREOF.

We reserve the right any time and from time to time to discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the App or any portion thereof without notice. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuances of the App or any portion thereof.

## Payments
If you choose to buy in-app purchases such as Plus or Pro, payment will be charged to your Apple ID account at the confirmation of purchase. Purchases are final and Ashish Selvaraj cannot issue refunds for purchases charged to your Apple ID.

## Electronic Communications
The App may provide you with the ability to send emails or other communications to third party service providers, advertisers, other users, and/or us. You agree to use the communication methods available in the App only to send communications related to the matter for which we provided the communication method. Further, you agree that all such communication by you is yours. You also acknowledge and agree that these communication methods are public and are not approved nor endorsed by Ashish Selvaraj.

## Proprietary Rights
You acknowledge and agree that the App and any necessary software used in connection with the App (if any) contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. Except as expressly permitted by applicable law or Ashish Selvaraj, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the App, the software or the images, text, graphics and other materials associated with the app, in whole or in part. We grant you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to access and use the App; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work from, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the App. You agree not to access the App by any means other than through the interface that is provided by us for use in accessing the App. Any third party trademarks or service marks displayed on the App are the property of their respective owners. We reserve all rights not expressly granted hereunder.

## Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES, AND CONTENT AVAILABLE IN THE APP ARE PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY. ASHISH SELVARAJ, HIS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS, AND LICENSORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND CONTENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. ASHISH SELVARAJ, HIS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS, AND LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (a) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (b) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE; (c) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; (d) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; AND (e) ANY ERRORS IN THE APP WILL BE CORRECTED. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE TO RELEASE ASHISH SELVARAJ, HIS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, EMPLOYEES, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS (THE “RELEASED PARTIES”) FROM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY CONNECTED WITH YOUR ACTIVITIES, AND PROMISE NOT TO SUE THE RELEASED PARTIES FOR ANY CLAIMS, ACTIONS, INJURIES, DAMAGES, OR LOSSES ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR ACTIVITIES. YOU ALSO AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL THE RELEASED PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH (a) YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF THE APP, (b) YOUR DEALINGS WITH THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS OR ADVERTISERS AVAILABLE THROUGH THE APP, (c) ANY DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE APP EXPERIENCED BY YOU, (d) ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES, OR CONTENT OBTAINED THROUGH THE APP, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ASHISH SELVARAJ HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

## Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold us and our affiliates, officers, agents, representatives, employees, partners and licensors harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of information, text, content, context you submit, post, transmit or otherwise seek to make available through the App, your use of the App, your connection to the App, your violation of the Terms, or your violation of any rights of another person or entity.

## Applicable Laws
This App is controlled by Ashish Selvaraj from Canada. Ashish Selvaraj makes no representation that the content, text, graphics, charts, data is appropriate or available for use in other locations and access to them from territories where their content or use is illegal is prohibited. Those who access this app from outside Canada do so of ther own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.

## Entire Agreement
The Terms of Service (including the Not Evil Sudoku Privacy Policy and other Supplemental Terms incorporated by reference into this document) constitute the entire agreement between you and we relating to your rights and obligations in the use of we Services. If there is any conflict between the Terms of Service and any other rules or instructions posted on a we Service, we shall resolve the conflict in its sole discretion.

## Contact Us
Feel free to reach out at: not.evil.sudoku@gmail.com or tweet at me: @selvarajashish.